dotfiles
========

A collection of configuration files to share across environments.
Using these yourself is a REALLY BAD IDEA.

I use emacs and fish shell primarily. Due to annoyances with porting
those things across multiple environments, this public repository is
rarely up to date with my actual configuration. If you want to know
more about how to configure emacs or fish shell, I'm happy to answer
your questions if you contact me via github or send an email to peri
at fox on the inter dot net. Unfortunately due to needing to have a
day job, I can't offer an SLA/SLO on responding to inquiries about my
personal config files.

The most interesting things to pay attention to are in the emacs
config, as I tend to do most of my writing/drafting/editing in emacs,
even for print/publication work. Since I have to work regularly with
people who don't speak emacs (quelle horreur!) and do not speak the
same languages as I do (especially different East Asian and RTL
languages), my configurations are particularly tailored for working in
multilingual environments including writing in English, French,
Japanese, Spanish, (bad) German, Yiddish, and Hebrew. You should
expect that I will respond quickly to bugs filed in English, French,
or Japanese.

This repository is released under the MIT License. For more details on
the MIT License please see LICENSE included in this repository. If
English is not your primary language, you can find translated copies
of this license on github.

Nothing in this README.md file nor the MIT License is intended to give
you permission to use this software in violation of its license
agreement. All rights reserved by jculpon@github.com (Jamie
Culpon). Distribution in contravention of the MIT License is strictly
prohibited.
